Renamed titles, added links and improved wording (#1964)
spinnaker/spinnaker.github.io: setup/install/providers/aws/aws-ec2.md

> worked on. In the meantime, please use the following
> [AWS tutorial: Continuous Delivery using Spinnaker on Amazon EKS](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/opensource/continuous-delivery-spinnaker-amazon-eks/).

Use the AWS EC2 Provider if you want to manage EC2 Instances via Spinnaker. Refer to the [AWS Cloud Provider Overview](https://spinnaker.io/setup/install/providers/aws/) to understand how AWS IAM must be set up with the Spinnaker AWS EC2 provider.

> Spinnaker will use an [AWS IAM structure](https://aws.amazon.com/iam/) of users, roles, policies, etc to access AWS services and resources securely. There are 3 options to set up the AWS IAM structure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Spinnaker will use an [AWS IAM structure](https://aws.amazon.com/iam/) of users, roles, policies, and so on, to access AWS services and resources securely. There are 3 options to set up the AWS IAM structure
```

> 1. AWS CloudFormation templates deployed with the CloudFormation Console

Reviewer: Maybe hyperlink these to their respective headings below?

Reviewer: I meant link each of these three list items to the headings below, in the article (though with headings like these, the auto-generated anchor will be complex. The current anchor for option 1 (on the published site, before these changes) is `#option-1--use-aws-console-to-configure-aws`

2. AWS CloudFormation templates deployed with AWS CLI
3. Manually creating the IAM structure with the AWS IAM Console

In [AWS](https://aws.amazon.com/){:target="\_blank"}, an [__Account__](/concepts/providers/#accounts)
maps to a credential able to authenticate against a given [AWS
account](https://aws.amazon.com/account/){:target="\_blank"}.

> ## Option-1 : Configure with AWS CloudFormation Console

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Option 1: Configure with AWS CloudFormation Console
```

![](../outputs_cloudformation.png)

> ## Option-2 : Configure with AWS CLI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Option 2: Configure with AWS CLI
```

--parameter-overrides AuthArn=FROM_ABOVE ManagingAccountId=FROM_ABOVE --capabilities CAPABILITY_NAMED_IAM --region us-west-2
```

> ## Option-3 : Configure with AWS IAM Console

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Option 3: Configure with AWS IAM Console
```

> ### Create Roles

Reviewer: Are these h3-level sections going to be filled in later?

### Create Policies

### Associate Policies to User or Roles
The permissions defined in the policies are attached to the users or roles. This will allows Spinnaker to use either a user or a role and deploy EC2 instances in any particular region.

There are 2 options here

> 1. Using AWS IAM User with AccessKey and Secret

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Use AWS IAM User with AccessKey and Secret
```

Option number 1 is useful for creation of user with AWS Access Key and secret. This is a common configuration. 

> 2. Using AWS IAM Roles

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Use AWS IAM Roles
```

Option 2 uses the IAM roles *ManagingRole* and *ManagedRoles*. This setting is applied on some environments that have extra security considerations.

## Halyard Configurations
After the AWS IAM  structure (user, roles, policies and trust relationship) has been set up, the next step is to add the AWS configurations to Spinnaker via Halyard CLI:

> The General steps are the following:

Reviewer: You can omit this sentence.

1. Access the Halyard Pod.
2. Add the configurations for AWS provider with `hal` command. Please check [hal config provider AWS](https://www.spinnaker.io/reference/halyard/commands/#hal-config-provider-aws).
3. Enable the AWS provider `hal config provider aws enable`.

> ### Configure Spinnaker AWS provider to use AccessKeys (if using AWS IAM user)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Configure the Spinnaker AWS provider to use AccessKeys (if using AWS IAM user)
```

> ### Configure Spinnaker AWS provider to use AccessKeys (if using AWS IAM user)

Reviewer: I like these changes a lot, @aleon1220 ! You don't "configure Halyard," you use Halyard to configure Spinnaker!

    --assume-role role/spinnakerManaged
```

### Enable the Spinnaker AWS provider

```bash
hal config provider aws enable
```

## Advanced account settings

> Once you configure the Spinnaker AWS provider you will be able to manage and deploy EC2 resources with Spinnaker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you configure the Spinnaker AWS provider you can manage and deploy EC2 resources with Spinnaker.
```

Author: Thanks. More proper English there. Thank you.

> You can view the available configuration flags for Spinnaker AWS provider within the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can view the available configuration flags for the Spinnaker AWS provider in the
```

> [Halyard AWS provider reference](/reference/halyard/commands#hal-config-provider-aws-account-add).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the [Halyard command reference](/reference/halyard/commands#hal-config-provider-aws-account-add).
```

## Next steps

Optionally, you can enable other AWS Providers:

> [set up Amazon's Elastic Container

Reviewer: Andres, can you set these as a bulleted list?

Author: yes
